Improve user experience of removing unused substakes (CLI and docs) (#2450)
nucypher/nucypher: docs/source/guides/network_node/staking_guide.rst

Remove unused sub-stake
***********************

> When sub-stakes terminate, or after merging or editing sub-stakes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sub-stakes terminate, merge, or are edited there may be there may be 'unused', inactive sub-stakes remaining on-chain.
```

(unsure how to apply suggestion to multiple lines)

Author: 👍

there can be 'unused', inactive sub-stakes remaining on-chain.
Continued tracking of these unused sub-stakes adds unnecessary gas costs to daily operations. Consequently, removal of unused sub-stakes will reduce daily gas costs.

> You can find out if you have unused sub-stakes by listing all sub-stakes and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unused sub-stakes can be displayed using the `nucypher stake list` command and will be indicated by the `INACTIVE` status label.
```

Author: 👍
